well meanwhile families of those
kidnapped in the October 7th Terror
attacks are continuing to pile pressure
on the Israeli government to find a way
to get their loved ones back DW's
Rebecca ritters went to meet alyia Levi
Shana her daughter Nama was on her first
day of military service at a base near
the Gaza border when she was taken this
report contains distressing
images in high school she studied uh
diplomacy she was in in a Youth
Organization uh for called hands of
peace and she went on a delegation with
uh yeah with Israelis Palestinians and
Americans they made they met for almost
a month trying to bridge between
communities and uh hoping to make the
world a better place we are taught to be
enemies but in reality we have a lot in
common and we're friends we may still
disagree on some things but we're
friends who respect each other and want
each other to be happy
I hope all this you know the these
qualities her strength and her
determination and
her um her positive thinking her
positive way of thinking uh is something
that's helping her right
now I think it was like a 3 or 4 weeks
after I had to face those images uh
until then I didn't even see the whole
video of Nama I think the first week or
two I can say for myself I was in a
State of
Shock I I just you know I was
functioning and everything but um I
don't think I really understood what was
going on I talk about her I think about
her all the time you know she's with me
all the time in my thoughts and I talk
to her in my mind all the time she so
sensible she's is a sensible young girl
she's quiet very
determined just you know funloving likes
to hang out with her friends and you
know make make fun of her little sister
and uh take my car and uh and forget to
tell me when she's coming back and the
regular things you know uh
um
dancing teenage stuff teenage stuff yeah
over the time what I'm feeling is that
the pain that is
inside has also gone outside so I have
aches and
pains of my body that I've never had
before but the pain inside does not stop
it's like a all the
time and sometimes I feel it it get
worse it gets worse because the the days
go by and we just worry more I
understand understand that I need I need
to be okay so because I need to to be
okay for Nama and for the my family so I
try to take care of whatever I can just
in order to you know to be okay to
survive
this but the chronic pain inside and out
is is there all the time we want to
bring her back so we were thinking all
the time what's what what can we do what
what what's the what's the right thing
to do what's what's in our power most of
the time of course we feel very
powerless helpless
frustrated yeah we keep going we keep
going because you know what what what
choice do we have
really there is so much pain in this
country right now so much pain so much
loss and grief so many people killed
murdered on October 7th and then you
know since you know I I keep thinking
about the hope there is hope you know
all this
pain you know this is this has to
be this this has to happen they have to
come back and I think the worst thing
that can happen to us to Israel as a
country and to the global Community the
worst thing is to to give up on them or
to go in the path that will not bring
them back that's the worst pain here
because they can be
saved